Doc: Max field expansions is not a hard limit (#61120)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/migration/migrate_7_0/search.asciidoc

Executing queries that use automatic expansion of fields (e.g. `query_string`, `simple_query_string`
or `multi_match`) can have performance issues for indices with a large numbers of fields.
To safeguard against this, a default limit of 1024 fields has been introduced for

> queries using the "all fields" mode ("default_field": "*") or other fieldname
> expansions (e.g. "foo*"). If needed, you can change this limit using the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
queries using the "all fields" mode (`"default_field": "*"`) or other fieldname
expansions (e.g. `"foo*"`). If needed, you can change this limit using the
```

Executing queries that use automatic expansion of fields (e.g. `query_string`, `simple_query_string`
or `multi_match`) can have performance issues for indices with a large numbers of fields.

> To safeguard against this, a soft limit of 1024 fields has been introduced for queries
> using the "all fields" mode ("default_field": "*") or other fieldname expansions (e.g. "foo*").
> This default maximum can be changed with the dynamic cluster setting `indices.query.bool.max_clause_count`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To safeguard against this, a default limit of 1024 fields has been introduced for
queries using the "all fields" mode ("default_field": "*") or other fieldname
expansions (e.g. "foo*"). If needed, you can change this limit using the
<<indices-query-bool-max-clause-count,`indices.query.bool.max_clause_count`>>
dynamic cluster setting.
```
